[Request][ESS] Document advanced setting that allows users to disable ES|QL in ESS (#5181)
elastic/security-docs: docs/assistant/security-assistant.asciidoc

[[rag-for-esql]]
==== Knowledge base for {esql}

> NOTE: {esql} features are turned on by default and are controlled by the {kibana-ref}/advanced-options.html#kibana-general-settings[`enableESQL`] advanced setting.

Author: ```suggestion
NOTE: {esql} is enabled by default in {kib}. It can be
disabled using the `enableESQL` setting from the
{kibana-ref}/advanced-options.html[Advanced Settings].
+
This will hide the {esql} user interface from various applications.
However, users will be able to access existing {esql} artifacts like saved searches and visualizations.
```
